the president
to the home we might as well just voted
for Rick
the stories that we hear when you're
looking for a vote well it's just a
bunch of phone you must think that it's
a joke you can't solve the budget cuz
you just can't agree you forgot who
you're working for is people just like
me you know do your job it's Barry have
a dense term limits you should have just
like the president
Jews are friends
[Music]
we might
well this board apart
the stories alley
when you're looking for a phone
a bunch of all you must think that it's
a joke
[Music]
when is still wonder why this economy
will grow your caters to the lobbyists
for you can't be fun
but none of you
this song's about me and the working
class can't afford health insurance food
or gas
you gotta blame the president
Cummins run again all for Minnie Mouse
[Music]
air to the whole way - way
voted party there
the stories that we hear when you're
looking for a boat well it's just a
bunch of oh you must think that it's a
joke
[Music]